Edo is also a toy Today is night sleep
But what time it's too late now
It is half past 1 o'clock work is a bit late today to shoot a bit
There in game apps also but I'm shooting from the 1:30 I want to really introduce the
I would like to introduce you briefly
The game I want to introduce is this fantasy
record
Oh
keeper
And a little bit of music, so good music is flowing now
Music does not play because the problem of copyright seems a bit entangled
Since the crystal of music Toka battle music of up to ff music now it has been blown plenty
If you are interested, you can download it for free, so please give it a try .
Speaking of what kind of game is so popular in recent games, there is nothing left
you know
Just this and this Final Fantasy Record keeper nice
As a pro, I can get a little mystery about the story of the final fantasy so far
You know look at this screen
Mist cave place ff cone guy underground water vein
Cave of antrion
I think that it is nostalgic to those who got tired of the final fantasy in real
These dungeons are good
As it is, I can play it with a feeling like a memory event, so if you look at a party or something
The say the cloud and membership and mouse this
I'm a hero in the original character of this game to put your name
The Toka White Mage Toka Lydia It is this kind of a
There is that last time, but I'm going to pick and combine these things by myself
I just play and Kai Well It is this Todd pattern is point to say that Todd pattern now
Again, it sounds but I do not put out of you I'm airships ff Music is flowing music
Kanakore
I can choose to play a variety of abilities and equipment myself, but this is a seed
There is a sid
Would you like a little try recommend events simple guy softening
wonder if in the good
For example , cave of mist
Is this a little easy place ?
If you choose an event, you can get into a middle age party
I guess roughly three Toka five and 75 Toka ne this dungeon
There is
Go ahead with it and finally fight with the boss
It will be Well like a form event clear
It is a reluctant hardness Tteyuu keep playing to consume some common stamina in recent games
The active time patrol atb But I was doing this is the old old days ff Officer
It has adopted
Because there is Otomo, because Haruta 's dungeon is entrusted to Auto, it will continue to fight.
It is easy victory
Well, if you go ahead, there is no way to use the free warranty , so if you're Lydia, there's no problem
But it is set as a special move or character
In Toma to continue using its deathblow this
Battle effective
It is said that it is recommended to people
The world that is drawn by dot painting is great, is n't it?
Ff music
Bonus points will be added depending on the circumstances of that clear ThatLookLikeThis
You 're about raising the character level and making it stronger
Or in here, of course there is that Gacha Reagacha and
Well I the equipment there is Toka 11 consecutive Reagacha
If you win but what did you say, such as add to bag hand
In this room where you collect the crystal and consume it to do a gacha
It is not different from the strike I admire the flow of the game that is big or big now
I hit I Toka generation liked Final Fantasy gold in the fact that ff apps
Seek to put in fantasy
And I wonder if I'm glad the game is on the people of the generations that have been doing since I was a heavy punch anxiety
I thought so well , today is the final fantasy
I've introduced a record keeper a bit, but recently it was released
I think there are many people who just started doing it
It's really like going forward
Hmm
There is makes us to really fun and nostalgic feelings app
Out quit much continue or always restlessly ridge hand But I'm pig's subtle that tut
It's because
woopie By today is Karasuma fantasy code key party app is kinda
It's a video that says it's a nostalgic and fun game
No one else is
I think I'm going to go to sleep with video editing
It's over 20 lightly
Do you sleep
ha